MAGEDOC-3966 PHP version update (#5046)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/cloud/before/before-workspace-magento-prereqs.md

## PHP (local) {#php}

> Install [PHP](https://glossary.magento.com/php) on your local. We recommend PHP 7.1.3+ or 7.2. For information on installing PHP see [PHP Settings]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.md). For instructions for another OS, see the [PHP documentation](http://php.net/manual/en/install.php).

Reviewer: HTML instead of MD

> Install [PHP](https://glossary.magento.com/php) on your local. We recommend PHP 7.1.3+ or 7.2. For information on installing PHP see [PHP Settings]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.md). For instructions for another OS, see the [PHP documentation](http://php.net/manual/en/install.php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install [PHP](https://glossary.magento.com/php) on your local. For information on installing PHP see [PHP Settings]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.html). For instructions for another OS, see the [PHP documentation](http://php.net/manual/en/install.php).
```

Before working with your {{site.data.var.ece}} project, make sure you set the PHP `memory_limit` to at least `1G` for normal use or at least `2G` for debugging.

1. Find your `php.ini` file using the following command:

>     php --ini

Reviewer: Formatting here should be a code block.

>   Use the value of `Loaded Configuration File`.

Reviewer: None of these old steps are confirmed accurate. I would drop edits to this old file.

Author: I will revert this file.

First, view the current value and verify if it is set to 3:

>   mysqladmin variables -u <root username> -p | grep 'auto_increment'

Reviewer: Changing the spaces in all of these messes up the steps.
